src/project/Activator.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/Activator.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/Activator.java:29:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/project/Activator.java:29:	Document empty constructor
src/project/Activator.java:29:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/project/Activator.java:38:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/project/Activator.java:38:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/Activator.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/Activator.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/Activator.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/Activator.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/Activator.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/Activator.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/Activator.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/Activator.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/Activator.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/Activator.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/Activator.java:64:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/project/Activator.java:64:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/Activator.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/Activator.java:65:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/project/Activator.java:86:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/handlers/EditSystemHandler.java:20:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/project/handlers/EditSystemHandler.java:20:	Document empty constructor
src/project/handlers/EditSystemHandler.java:20:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/project/handlers/EditSystemHandler.java:28:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/handlers/EditSystemHandler.java:29:	Local variable 'pref' could be declared final
src/project/handlers/EditSystemHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/handlers/EditSystemHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/handlers/EditSystemHandler.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/project/handlers/NewQualityRequirementHandler.java:19:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/project/handlers/NewQualityRequirementHandler.java:19:	Document empty constructor
src/project/handlers/NewQualityRequirementHandler.java:19:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/project/handlers/NewQualityRequirementHandler.java:27:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/handlers/NewQualityRequirementHandler.java:28:	Local variable 'pref' could be declared final
src/project/handlers/NewQualityRequirementHandler.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/handlers/NewQualityRequirementHandler.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/handlers/NewQualityRequirementHandler.java:32:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/project/handlers/NewSystemHandler.java:20:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/project/handlers/NewSystemHandler.java:20:	Document empty constructor
src/project/handlers/NewSystemHandler.java:20:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/project/handlers/NewSystemHandler.java:28:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/handlers/NewSystemHandler.java:29:	Local variable 'pref' could be declared final
src/project/handlers/NewSystemHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/handlers/NewSystemHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/handlers/NewSystemHandler.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/project/handlers/ReportsHandler.java:17:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/project/handlers/ReportsHandler.java:17:	Document empty constructor
src/project/handlers/ReportsHandler.java:17:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/project/handlers/ReportsHandler.java:25:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/handlers/SearchQualityRequirementHandler.java:20:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/project/handlers/SearchQualityRequirementHandler.java:20:	Document empty constructor
src/project/handlers/SearchQualityRequirementHandler.java:20:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/project/handlers/SearchQualityRequirementHandler.java:28:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/handlers/SearchQualityRequirementHandler.java:29:	Local variable 'pref' could be declared final
src/project/handlers/SearchQualityRequirementHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/handlers/SearchQualityRequirementHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/handlers/SearchQualityRequirementHandler.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureEvaluationHandler.java:17:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureEvaluationHandler.java:17:	Document empty constructor
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureEvaluationHandler.java:17:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureEvaluationHandler.java:25:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationHandler.java:20:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationHandler.java:20:	Document empty constructor
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationHandler.java:20:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationHandler.java:28:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationHandler.java:29:	Local variable 'pref' could be declared final
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/handlers/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationHandler.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:7:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:8:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_TEXT_LIMIT
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:24:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:36:	Parameter 'labelText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:36:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:36:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:47:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:47:	Parameter 'labelText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:47:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:47:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:47:	Parameter 'textLimit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:61:	Parameter 'max' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:61:	Parameter 'min' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:69:	Parameter 'min' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:74:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:76:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:79:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:82:	Local variable 'numberString' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:84:	Local variable 'number' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:84:	Unnecessary wrapper object creation
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:87:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:92:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:104:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:105:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:107:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:108:	Do not add empty strings
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:109:	Do not add empty strings
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:115:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:116:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:118:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:119:	Do not add empty strings
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:125:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:126:	Local variable 'text' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:128:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:128:	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:136:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:142:	Parameter 'toolTipText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:142:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:143:	Local variable 'textControl' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:149:	Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:149:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:153:	Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:153:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:157:	Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:157:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/DoubleFieldEditor.java:162:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=101, ATFD=119, TCC=0.011761331038439472)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	The class 'EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 13).
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	The class 'EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 13).
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	The class 'EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 13).
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	Too many fields
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:29:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbQualityAttribute
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:43:	Perhaps 'lblDescription' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionStimulus
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionEnvironment
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionArtifact
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionResponse
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:50:	Perhaps 'lblValue' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueEnvironment
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:56:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:56:	Perhaps 'lblMetric' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:58:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:58:	Perhaps 'lblType' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeEnvironment
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:65:	Perhaps 'lblUnit' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like qualityRequirementPP
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:70:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:85:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:85:	Parameter 'workbench' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:88:	Avoid really long methods.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:88:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:88:	The method 'createContents' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:88:	The method 'createContents' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:88:	The method 'createContents' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:88:	The method createContents() has an NCSS line count of 119
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:88:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:95:	Local variable 'layoutPropierties' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:110:	Local variable 'labelS' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:119:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:119:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:120:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:120:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:120:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:132:	Local variable 'layoutScenario' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:147:	Local variable 'labelD' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:152:	Local variable 'labelQA' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:161:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:161:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:162:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:162:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:162:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:171:	Local variable 'labelC' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:181:	Local variable 'layoutParts' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:250:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:250:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:251:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:251:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:251:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:267:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:267:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:268:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:268:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:268:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:284:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:284:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:295:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:295:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:313:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:313:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:316:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:320:	Avoid excessively long variable names like qualityRequirementPP
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:320:	Parameter 'qualityRequirementPP' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:320:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:324:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:328:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:328:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:332:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:336:	Parameter 'groupPropierties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:336:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:340:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:344:	Parameter 'cPropierties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:344:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:348:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:352:	Parameter 'cmbSystem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:352:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:356:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:360:	Parameter 'groupScenario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:360:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:364:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:368:	Parameter 'btnSave' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:368:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:372:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:376:	Parameter 'btnRemove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:376:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:380:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:384:	Parameter 'txtDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:384:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:388:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:392:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbQualityAttribute
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:392:	Parameter 'cmbQualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:392:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:396:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:400:	Parameter 'cmbCondition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:400:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:404:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:408:	Parameter 'groupParts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:408:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:412:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:416:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:416:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionStimulusSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:416:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:420:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:424:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionStimulus
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:424:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionStimulus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:424:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:428:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:432:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionEnvironment
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:432:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionEnvironment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:432:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:436:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:440:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionArtifact
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:440:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionArtifact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:440:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:444:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:448:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionResponse
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:448:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:448:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:452:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:456:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:456:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionResponseMeasure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:456:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:460:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:464:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:464:	Parameter 'txtValueStimulusSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:464:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:468:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:472:	Parameter 'txtValueStimulus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:472:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:476:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:480:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueEnvironment
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:480:	Parameter 'txtValueEnvironment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:480:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:484:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:488:	Parameter 'txtValueResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:488:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:492:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:496:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:496:	Parameter 'txtValueResponseMeasure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:496:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:500:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:504:	Parameter 'cmbMetric' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:504:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:508:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:512:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:512:	Parameter 'cmbTypeStimulusSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:512:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:516:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:520:	Parameter 'cmbTypeStimulus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:520:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:524:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:528:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeEnvironment
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:528:	Parameter 'cmbTypeEnvironment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:528:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:532:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:536:	Parameter 'cmbTypeArtifact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:536:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:540:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:544:	Parameter 'cmbTypeResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:544:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:548:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:552:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:552:	Parameter 'cmbTypeResponseMeasure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:552:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:556:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:560:	Parameter 'cmbUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:560:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:564:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:568:	Parameter 'cScenario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:568:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:572:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:576:	Parameter 'cParts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:576:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:580:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:584:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:588:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:601:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:601:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:601:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:605:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:605:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:617:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:617:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:617:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:621:	Avoid excessively long variable names like responseMeasureType
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:621:	Parameter 'responseMeasureType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:621:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:627:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:627:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:627:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:630:	Parameter 'metric' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:630:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:634:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:642:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:643:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:644:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:645:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:646:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:647:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:648:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:649:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:658:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:660:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:661:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:665:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:666:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:670:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'pabm'
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:670:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:672:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:672:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:676:	A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/project/preferences/EditQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:676:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:24:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calendarFinishDate
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblCalendarStarDate
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblCalendarFinishDate
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:49:	Perhaps 'cSystemName' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:50:	Perhaps 'gridData' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:66:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:66:	Parameter 'workbench' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:69:	Avoid really long methods.
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:69:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:69:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:71:	Local variable 'layout' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:82:	Local variable 'labelSn' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:94:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:104:	Local variable 'labelEmptyOne' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:108:	Local variable 'groupProject' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:141:	Local variable 'labelEmptyTwo' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:147:	Local variable 'labelEmptyTre' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:162:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:162:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:180:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:180:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:198:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:198:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:201:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:205:	Parameter 'calendarStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:205:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:209:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:213:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calendarFinishDate
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:213:	Parameter 'calendarFinishDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:213:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:217:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:221:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblCalendarStarDate
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:221:	Parameter 'lblCalendarStarDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:221:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:225:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:229:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblCalendarFinishDate
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:229:	Parameter 'lblCalendarFinishDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:229:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:233:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:237:	Parameter 'btnSave' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:237:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:241:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:245:	Parameter 'btnRemove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:245:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:249:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:253:	Parameter 'btnEdit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:253:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:257:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:261:	Parameter 'cboSystem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:261:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:265:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:269:	Parameter 'projectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:269:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:273:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:277:	Parameter 'systemPP' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:277:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:281:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:285:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:285:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:289:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:293:	Parameter 'cProject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:293:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:298:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:314:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'pabm'
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:320:	A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:320:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/project/preferences/EditSystemPreferencePage.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=97, ATFD=117, TCC=0.012044564890093345)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	The class 'NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 11).
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	The class 'NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 11).
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	The class 'NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 11).
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	Too many fields
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbQualityAttribute
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:42:	Perhaps 'lblDescription' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionStimulus
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionEnvironment
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionArtifact
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionResponse
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:49:	Perhaps 'lblValue' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueEnvironment
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:55:	Perhaps 'lblMetric' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:57:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:57:	Perhaps 'lblType' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeEnvironment
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:64:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:64:	Perhaps 'lblUnit' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like qualityRequirementPP
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:83:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:83:	Parameter 'workbench' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:86:	Avoid really long methods.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:86:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:86:	The method 'createContents' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:86:	The method 'createContents' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:86:	The method 'createContents' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:86:	The method createContents() has an NCSS line count of 116
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:86:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:93:	Local variable 'layoutPropierties' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:108:	Local variable 'labelS' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:117:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:118:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:118:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:118:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:130:	Local variable 'layoutScenario' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:145:	Local variable 'labelD' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:150:	Local variable 'labelQA' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:159:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:160:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:160:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:160:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:169:	Local variable 'labelC' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:179:	Local variable 'layoutParts' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:248:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:248:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:249:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:249:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:249:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:266:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:266:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:267:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:267:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:267:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:283:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:283:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:299:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:299:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:302:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:306:	Avoid excessively long variable names like qualityRequirementPP
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:306:	Parameter 'qualityRequirementPP' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:306:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:310:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:314:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:314:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:318:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:322:	Parameter 'groupPropierties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:322:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:326:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:330:	Parameter 'cPropierties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:330:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:334:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:338:	Parameter 'cmbSystem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:338:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:342:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:346:	Parameter 'groupScenario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:346:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:350:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:354:	Parameter 'btnNew' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:354:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:358:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:362:	Parameter 'txtDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:362:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:366:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:370:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbQualityAttribute
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:370:	Parameter 'cmbQualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:370:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:374:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:378:	Parameter 'cmbCondition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:378:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:382:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:386:	Parameter 'groupParts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:386:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:390:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:394:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:394:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionStimulusSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:394:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:398:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:402:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionStimulus
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:402:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionStimulus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:402:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:406:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:410:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionEnvironment
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:410:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionEnvironment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:410:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:414:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:418:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionArtifact
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:418:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionArtifact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:418:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:422:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:426:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionResponse
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:426:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:426:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:430:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:434:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtDescriptionResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:434:	Parameter 'txtDescriptionResponseMeasure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:434:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:438:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:442:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:442:	Parameter 'txtValueStimulusSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:442:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:446:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:450:	Parameter 'txtValueStimulus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:450:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:454:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:458:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueEnvironment
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:458:	Parameter 'txtValueEnvironment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:458:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:462:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:466:	Parameter 'txtValueResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:466:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:470:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:474:	Avoid excessively long variable names like txtValueResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:474:	Parameter 'txtValueResponseMeasure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:474:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:478:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:482:	Parameter 'cmbMetric' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:482:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:486:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:490:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeStimulusSource
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:490:	Parameter 'cmbTypeStimulusSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:490:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:494:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:498:	Parameter 'cmbTypeStimulus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:498:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:502:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:506:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeEnvironment
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:506:	Parameter 'cmbTypeEnvironment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:506:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:510:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:514:	Parameter 'cmbTypeArtifact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:514:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:518:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:522:	Parameter 'cmbTypeResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:522:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:526:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:530:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cmbTypeResponseMeasure
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:530:	Parameter 'cmbTypeResponseMeasure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:530:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:534:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:538:	Parameter 'cmbUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:538:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:542:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:546:	Parameter 'cScenario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:546:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:550:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:554:	Parameter 'cParts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:554:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:558:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:562:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:566:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:579:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:579:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:579:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:583:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:583:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:595:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:595:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:595:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:599:	Avoid excessively long variable names like responseMeasureType
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:599:	Parameter 'responseMeasureType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:599:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:605:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:605:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:605:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:608:	Parameter 'metric' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:608:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:612:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:620:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:621:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:622:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:623:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:624:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:625:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:626:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:627:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:636:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:638:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:639:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:643:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:644:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:648:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'pabm'
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:648:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:650:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:650:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:654:	A high ratio of statements to labels in a switch statement.  Consider refactoring.
src/project/preferences/NewQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:654:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:25:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calendarFinishDate
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblCalendarStarDate
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblCalendarFinishDate
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:49:	Perhaps 'gridData' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:65:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:65:	Parameter 'workbench' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:68:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:68:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:70:	Local variable 'layout' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:85:	Local variable 'groupProject' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:127:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:145:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:145:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:152:	Parameter 'calendarStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:152:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:156:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calendarFinishDate
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:160:	Parameter 'calendarFinishDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:164:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblCalendarStarDate
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:168:	Parameter 'lblCalendarStarDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:168:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:172:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:176:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblCalendarFinishDate
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:176:	Parameter 'lblCalendarFinishDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:176:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:180:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:184:	Parameter 'btnNew' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:188:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:192:	Parameter 'systemName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:192:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:200:	Parameter 'projectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:204:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:208:	Parameter 'systemPP' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:208:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:212:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:216:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:216:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:220:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:224:	Parameter 'cProject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:224:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:233:	Parameter 'pabm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:235:	A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:235:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:237:	Local variable 'currentDate' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/NewSystemPreferencePage.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/project/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/PreferenceConstants.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/PreferenceInitializer.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/project/preferences/PreferenceInitializer.java:16:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/project/preferences/PreferenceInitializer.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/PreferenceInitializer.java:19:	Local variable 'store' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/PreferenceInitializer.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/PreferenceInitializer.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/PreferenceInitializer.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/PreferenceInitializer.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:28:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupQualityRequirement
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cQualityRequirement
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tblViewerQualityRequirement
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:39:	Perhaps 'colObject' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:40:	Perhaps 'colCondition' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like colQualityAttribute
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:41:	Perhaps 'colQualityAttribute' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like colDescriptionScenario
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:42:	Perhaps 'colDescriptionScenario' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like qualityRequirementPP
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:60:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:60:	Parameter 'workbench' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:63:	Avoid really long methods.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:63:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:63:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:70:	Local variable 'layoutPropierties' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:85:	Local variable 'labelS' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:94:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:95:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:95:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:95:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like layoutQualityRequirement
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:107:	Local variable 'layoutQualityRequirement' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataQualityRequirement
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:155:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:155:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:172:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:172:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:175:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:179:	Avoid excessively long variable names like qualityRequirementPP
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:179:	Parameter 'qualityRequirementPP' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:179:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:183:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:187:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:187:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:191:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:195:	Parameter 'groupPropierties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:195:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:199:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:203:	Parameter 'cPropierties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:203:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:207:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:211:	Parameter 'cmbSystem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:211:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:215:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupQualityRequirement
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:219:	Parameter 'groupQualityRequirement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:219:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:223:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:227:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cQualityRequirement
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:227:	Parameter 'cQualityRequirement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:227:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:231:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:235:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tblViewerQualityRequirement
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:235:	Parameter 'tblViewerQualityRequirement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:235:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:239:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:243:	Parameter 'table' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:243:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:247:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:251:	Parameter 'btnConsult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:251:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:255:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:264:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:270:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:274:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:279:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:284:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'pabm'
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:284:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:290:	A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/project/preferences/SearchQualityRequirementPreferencePage.java:290:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.eclipse.swt.widgets.Listener'
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:29:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.eclipse.ui.PartInitException'
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:36:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:47:	The class 'SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:47:	The class 'SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:47:	The class 'SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:48:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:60:	Perhaps 'cSystemName' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:61:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:61:	Perhaps 'gridData' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:76:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:76:	Parameter 'workbench' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:79:	Avoid really long methods.
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:79:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:79:	The method 'createContents' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:79:	The method 'createContents' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:79:	The method 'createContents' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:79:	The method createContents() has an NCSS line count of 103
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:79:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:83:	Local variable 'layout' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:94:	Local variable 'labelSn' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:107:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:118:	Local variable 'labelEmptyOne' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:130:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:130:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:145:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:160:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:160:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:163:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:163:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:168:	Local variable 'filePath' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:188:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:188:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:189:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:190:	Local variable 'ifile' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:191:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:193:	Local variable 'desc' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:197:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:206:	Local variable 'labelEmptyTwo' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:223:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:223:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:240:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:240:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:241:	Local variable 'wizard' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:242:	Local variable 'dialog' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:252:	Local variable 'labelEmptyTree' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:267:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:267:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:282:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:282:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:286:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:290:	Parameter 'btnUCM' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:290:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:294:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:298:	Parameter 'btnFileUCM' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:298:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:302:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:306:	Parameter 'btnEditFileUCM' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:306:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:310:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:314:	Parameter 'cboSystem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:314:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:318:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:322:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:322:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:326:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:330:	Parameter 'txtSelectUCM' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:330:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:334:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:338:	Parameter 'chooseFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:338:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:342:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:346:	Parameter 'btnOptionNewUCM' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:346:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:350:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:354:	Parameter 'btnOptionOpenUCM' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:354:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:358:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:362:	Parameter 'btnSave' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:362:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:382:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/project/preferences/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPreferencePage.java:386:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/UCM2DEVSPreferencePage.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/UCM2DEVSPreferencePage.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/UCM2DEVSPreferencePage.java:24:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/UCM2DEVSPreferencePage.java:24:	Parameter 'workbench' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/UCM2DEVSPreferencePage.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/UCM2DEVSPreferencePage.java:27:	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/UCM2DEVSPreferencePage.java:27:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/UCM2DEVSPreferencePage.java:29:	Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/UCM2DEVSPreferencePage.java:37:	Document empty method body
src/project/preferences/UCM2DEVSPreferencePage.java:37:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:25:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:31:	Parameter 'ptxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:32:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:32:	Useless parentheses.
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:32:	Useless parentheses.
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:39:	Parameter 'ptxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:40:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:40:	Useless parentheses.
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:40:	Useless parentheses.
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:48:	Parameter 'pcmb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:57:	Parameter 'pdt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:58:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:59:	System.out.println is used
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:60:	System.out.println is used
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:61:	System.out.println is used
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:75:	Parameter 'pdate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:76:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:76:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:82:	Parameter 'pdate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:83:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:83:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:89:	Parameter 'pdate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:90:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:90:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:102:	Parameter 'pcf' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:102:	Parameter 'pcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:103:	Local variable 'dcs' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:104:	Local variable 'dcf' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:105:	System.out.println is used
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:113:	Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:135:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:136:	Local variable 'workspace' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:137:	Local variable 'location' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:138:	Local variable 'ifile' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/project/preferences/controller/Controller.java:139:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'ifile'
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:24:	The class 'NewQualityRequirementPPController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 26).
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:24:	The class 'NewQualityRequirementPPController' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 26).
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:24:	The class 'NewQualityRequirementPPController' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 26).
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:24:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:36:	Parameter 'controller' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:47:	Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:55:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:74:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:79:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:83:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:87:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:91:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:95:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:100:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:104:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:109:	Local variable 'err' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:117:	Local variable 'stimulusSource' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:122:	Local variable 'stimulus' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:126:	Local variable 'environment' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:130:	Local variable 'artifact' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:133:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:137:	Local variable 'responseMeasure' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:155:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:161:	Avoid really long methods.
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:161:	The method 'isValidData' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:161:	The method 'isValidData' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:161:	The method 'isValidData' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:161:	The method isValidData() has an NCSS line count of 123
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:161:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:165:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:170:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:175:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:180:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:184:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:188:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:192:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:196:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:200:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:204:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:208:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:212:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:216:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:220:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:224:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:228:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:232:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:236:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:240:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:244:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:248:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:252:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:253:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:256:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:260:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewQualityRequirementPPController.java:264:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:22:	Parameter 'controller' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:33:	Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:41:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:62:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:75:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:76:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:80:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:81:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/NewSystemPPController.java:85:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:28:	The class 'QualityRequirementPPController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 26).
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:28:	The class 'QualityRequirementPPController' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 26).
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:28:	The class 'QualityRequirementPPController' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 26).
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:28:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:41:	Parameter 'controller' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:52:	Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:60:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:68:	Parameter 'formSearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:91:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:96:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:100:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:104:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:108:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:112:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:117:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:121:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:133:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:137:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:139:	Local variable 'stimulusSource' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:144:	Local variable 'stimulus' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:148:	Local variable 'environment' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:152:	Local variable 'artifact' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:155:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:159:	Local variable 'responseMeasure' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:177:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:183:	Avoid really long methods.
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:183:	The method 'isValidData' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:183:	The method 'isValidData' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:183:	The method 'isValidData' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:183:	The method isValidData() has an NCSS line count of 123
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:183:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:187:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:192:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:197:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:202:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:206:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:210:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:214:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:218:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:222:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:226:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:230:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:234:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:238:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:242:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:246:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:250:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:254:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:258:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:262:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:266:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:270:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:274:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:275:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:278:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:282:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:286:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:303:	Local variable 'dp' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:305:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:305:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:306:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/QualityRequirementPPController.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:27:	Parameter 'controller' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:38:	Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:46:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:66:	Parameter 'pcmb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:71:	Parameter 'pmodel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:99:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:104:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:114:	Local variable 'pathUCM' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:115:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/project/preferences/controller/SoftwareArchitectureSpecificationPPController.java:116:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:25:	Parameter 'controller' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:36:	Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:44:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:79:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:105:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:110:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:114:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:127:	Parameter 'pcmb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/project/preferences/controller/SystemPPController.java:132:	Parameter 'pmodel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:1:	High amount of different objects as members denotes a high coupling
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=99, ATFD=6, TCC=0.0)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:36:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like qualityRequirement
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:48:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:56:	Singleton is not thread safe
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:67:	Parameter 'psystem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pqualityRequirement
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:75:	Parameter 'pqualityRequirement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:87:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'auxTipo' (lines '87'-'90').
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:88:	Local variable 'qualityAttributes' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:89:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like arrayQualityAttribute
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:92:	Local variable 'arrayQualityAttribute' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:115:	Local variable 'systems' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:116:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:119:	Local variable 'arraySystem' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:145:	Local variable 'systems' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:146:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:147:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:148:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:148:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:149:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:151:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:151:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:159:	Local variable 'arraySystem' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:171:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:172:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:190:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:191:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:192:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:192:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:194:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:194:	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:196:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:209:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'auxTipo' (lines '209'-'212').
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:210:	Local variable 'conditions' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:211:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:214:	Local variable 'arrayCondition' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:233:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusSourceType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusSourceType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:234:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:235:	Avoid excessively long variable names like stimulusSourceTypes
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:235:	Local variable 'stimulusSourceTypes' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:236:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:236:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:238:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:241:	Avoid excessively long variable names like arrayStimulusSourceType
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:241:	Local variable 'arrayStimulusSourceType' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:241:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusSourceType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusSourceType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:241:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusSourceType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusSourceType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:253:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:254:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:255:	Local variable 'stimulusTypes' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:256:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:256:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:258:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:261:	Local variable 'arrayStimulusType' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:261:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:261:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.StimulusType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:273:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.EnvironmentType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.EnvironmentType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:274:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:275:	Local variable 'environmentTypes' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:276:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:276:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:278:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:281:	Avoid excessively long variable names like arrayEnvironmentType
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:281:	Local variable 'arrayEnvironmentType' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:281:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.EnvironmentType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.EnvironmentType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:281:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.EnvironmentType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.EnvironmentType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:293:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ArtifactType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ArtifactType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:294:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:295:	Local variable 'artifactTypes' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:296:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:296:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:296:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:296:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:298:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:301:	Local variable 'arrayArtifactType' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:301:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ArtifactType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ArtifactType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:301:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ArtifactType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ArtifactType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:313:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:314:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:315:	Local variable 'responseTypes' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:316:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:316:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:318:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:321:	Local variable 'arrayResponseType' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:321:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:321:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:333:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseMeasureType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseMeasureType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:334:	Parameter 'qualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:335:	Avoid excessively long variable names like responseMeasureTypes
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:335:	Local variable 'responseMeasureTypes' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:336:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:336:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:338:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:341:	Avoid excessively long variable names like arrayResponseMeasureType
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:341:	Local variable 'arrayResponseMeasureType' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:341:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseMeasureType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseMeasureType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:341:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseMeasureType' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.ResponseMeasureType'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:353:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:353:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Metric' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Metric'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:354:	Local variable 'metrics' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:355:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:355:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:357:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:360:	Local variable 'arrayMetric' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:360:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Metric' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Metric'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:360:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Metric' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Metric'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:371:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:371:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Unit' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Unit'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:372:	Local variable 'units' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:373:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:373:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:375:	Local variable 'auxTipo' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:378:	Local variable 'arrayUnit' could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:378:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Unit' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Unit'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:378:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Unit' due to existing import 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Unit'
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:391:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pprojectFinishDate
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:391:	Parameter 'pprojectFinishDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:391:	Parameter 'pprojectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:391:	Parameter 'pprojectStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:391:	Parameter 'psystemname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:392:	Parameter 'pstate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:397:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:408:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:408:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:408:	Parameter 'psystem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:409:	Parameter 'pqualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:409:	Parameter 'pstate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:409:	Parameter 'pstimulus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:409:	Parameter 'pstimulusSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:410:	Parameter 'partifact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:410:	Parameter 'penvironment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:410:	Parameter 'presponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:410:	Parameter 'presponseMeasure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:411:	Parameter 'pcondition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:419:	Parameter 'psystemName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:419:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:423:	Parameter 'pprojectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:423:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:427:	Parameter 'pstartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:427:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:431:	Parameter 'pfinishDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:431:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:435:	Parameter 'pathUCM' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:435:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:440:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:444:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:448:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:452:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:456:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:460:	Parameter 'popcABM' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:460:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:461:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:475:	Parameter 'popcABM' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:475:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:476:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:489:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:490:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:490:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:490:	System.out.println is used
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:495:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:499:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:503:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:507:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:512:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:517:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:522:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:526:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:530:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:534:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:538:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:542:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:546:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:550:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:554:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:558:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:562:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:566:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:570:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:574:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:578:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:582:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:586:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:590:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:594:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:598:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:602:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:603:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:603:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:603:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:603:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:606:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:612:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:612:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:612:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:612:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:618:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:618:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:618:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:618:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:624:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:624:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:624:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:624:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:630:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:630:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:630:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:635:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:635:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:635:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:635:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:641:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:641:	Parameter 'pmetric' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:641:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:641:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:641:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/BusinessLogic/AnalysisManager.java:642:	Parameter 'punit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:26:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:26:	Avoid short class names like Data
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:30:	Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:32:	Local variable 'unit1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:34:	Local variable 'unit2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:44:	Parameter 'pmanager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:45:	Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:45:	Local variable 'c1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:46:	Local variable 'c2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:51:	Parameter 'pmanager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:51:	Parameter 'punit1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:51:	Parameter 'punit2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:52:	Local variable 'ss1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:53:	Local variable 'ss2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like stimulusSourceTypes
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:54:	Local variable 'stimulusSourceTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:58:	Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:59:	Avoid variables with short names like s2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:59:	Local variable 's2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like s3
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:60:	Local variable 's3' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like s4
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:61:	Local variable 's4' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:62:	Local variable 'stimulusTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like e1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:68:	Local variable 'e1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:69:	Local variable 'e2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:70:	Local variable 'environmentTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:74:	Avoid variables with short names like a1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:74:	Local variable 'a1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like a2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:75:	Local variable 'a2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like a3
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:76:	Local variable 'a3' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:77:	Avoid variables with short names like a4
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:77:	Local variable 'a4' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:78:	Local variable 'artifactTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like r1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:84:	Local variable 'r1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like r2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:85:	Local variable 'r2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:86:	Avoid variables with short names like r3
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:86:	Local variable 'r3' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like r4
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:87:	Local variable 'r4' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:88:	Avoid variables with short names like r5
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:88:	Local variable 'r5' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:89:	Local variable 'responseTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:96:	Local variable 'units' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:100:	Local variable 'metric1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:101:	Local variable 'metric2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:104:	Local variable 'metrics' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:108:	Local variable 'type1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:109:	Local variable 'type2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:110:	Local variable 'type3' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:112:	Local variable 'type4' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like responseMeasureTypes
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:113:	Local variable 'responseMeasureTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:127:	Parameter 'pmanager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:127:	Parameter 'punit1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:127:	Parameter 'punit2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:128:	Local variable 'ss1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:129:	Local variable 'ss2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like stimulusSourceTypes
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:130:	Local variable 'stimulusSourceTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:134:	Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:134:	Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:135:	Avoid variables with short names like s2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:135:	Local variable 's2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:136:	Avoid variables with short names like s3
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:136:	Local variable 's3' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:137:	Avoid variables with short names like s4
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:137:	Local variable 's4' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:138:	Local variable 'stimulusTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:144:	Avoid variables with short names like e1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:144:	Local variable 'e1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:145:	Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:145:	Local variable 'e2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:146:	Local variable 'environmentTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:150:	Avoid variables with short names like a1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:150:	Local variable 'a1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:151:	Avoid variables with short names like a2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:151:	Local variable 'a2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:152:	Avoid variables with short names like a3
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:152:	Local variable 'a3' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:153:	Avoid variables with short names like a4
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:153:	Local variable 'a4' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:154:	Local variable 'artifactTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:160:	Avoid variables with short names like r1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:160:	Local variable 'r1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:161:	Avoid variables with short names like r2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:161:	Local variable 'r2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:162:	Avoid variables with short names like r3
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:162:	Local variable 'r3' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:163:	Avoid variables with short names like r4
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:163:	Local variable 'r4' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:164:	Avoid variables with short names like r5
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:164:	Local variable 'r5' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:165:	Local variable 'responseTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:172:	Local variable 'units' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:176:	Local variable 'metric1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:177:	Local variable 'metric2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:180:	Local variable 'metrics' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:184:	Local variable 'type1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:185:	Local variable 'type2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:186:	Local variable 'type3' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:188:	Local variable 'type4' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:189:	Avoid excessively long variable names like responseMeasureTypes
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:189:	Local variable 'responseMeasureTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:203:	Parameter 'pmanager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:203:	Parameter 'punit1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:203:	Parameter 'punit2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:204:	Local variable 'ss1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:205:	Local variable 'ss2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:206:	Avoid excessively long variable names like stimulusSourceTypes
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:206:	Local variable 'stimulusSourceTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:210:	Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:210:	Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:211:	Avoid variables with short names like s2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:211:	Local variable 's2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:212:	Avoid variables with short names like s3
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:212:	Local variable 's3' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:213:	Local variable 'stimulusTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:218:	Avoid variables with short names like e1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:218:	Local variable 'e1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:219:	Avoid variables with short names like e2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:219:	Local variable 'e2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:220:	Local variable 'environmentTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:224:	Avoid variables with short names like a1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:224:	Local variable 'a1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:225:	Local variable 'artifactTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:228:	Avoid variables with short names like r1
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:228:	Local variable 'r1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:229:	Avoid variables with short names like r2
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:229:	Local variable 'r2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:230:	Avoid variables with short names like r3
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:230:	Local variable 'r3' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:231:	Local variable 'responseTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:236:	Local variable 'units' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:240:	Local variable 'metric1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:241:	Local variable 'metric2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:244:	Local variable 'metrics' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:248:	Local variable 'type1' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:249:	Local variable 'type2' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:250:	Local variable 'type3' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:251:	Local variable 'type4' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:252:	Local variable 'type5' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:253:	Local variable 'type6' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:254:	Avoid excessively long variable names like responseMeasureTypes
src/software/DataManager/Data.java:254:	Local variable 'responseMeasureTypes' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:31:	Parameter 'ptx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:35:	Parameter 'pclass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:35:	Parameter 'prdenAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:36:	Local variable 'crit' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:40:	Parameter 'patributoOrden' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:40:	Parameter 'pclase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:40:	Parameter 'pstate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:41:	Local variable 'crit' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:46:	Parameter 'pobjet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:48:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:49:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:52:	System.out.println is used
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:57:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:58:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:59:	System.out.println is used
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:60:	System.out.println is used
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:62:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:65:	The String literal "/Icons/error.png" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 65
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:72:	Parameter 'pobjet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:73:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:74:	Avoid variables with short names like tx
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:74:	Local variable 'tx' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:78:	System.out.println is used
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:83:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateManager.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:1:	High amount of different objects as members denotes a high coupling
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:20:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:27:	Local variable 'conf' could be declared final
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:32:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DataManager/HibernateUtil.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:31:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:35:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:35:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:46:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:54:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:62:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:68:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:69:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Artifact.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:27:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:31:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:41:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:49:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:60:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:61:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ArtifactType.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:28:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:32:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:42:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:50:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:61:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:62:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Condition.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/DirectMetric.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/DirectMetric.java:17:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:34:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:38:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:38:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:38:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:50:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:58:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:66:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:74:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:79:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:79:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:80:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:80:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Environment.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:27:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:31:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:41:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:49:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:60:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:61:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/EnvironmentType.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:24:	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:27:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:31:	Parameter 'pformula' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:41:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:49:	Parameter 'pformula' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:54:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:55:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Formula.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:28:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like stimulusSourceTypes
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like responseMeasureTypes
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:52:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pstimulusSourceTypes
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:56:	Parameter 'pstimulusSourceTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:56:	Parameter 'pstimulusTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:57:	Parameter 'partifactTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:57:	Parameter 'penvironmentTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:57:	Parameter 'presponseTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like presponseMeasureTypes
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:58:	Parameter 'presponseMeasureTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:73:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:81:	Parameter 'pqualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pstimulusSourceTypes
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:89:	Parameter 'pstimulusSourceTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:97:	Parameter 'pstimulusTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:105:	Parameter 'partifactTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:113:	Parameter 'penvironmentTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:121:	Parameter 'presponseTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like presponseMeasureTypes
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:129:	Parameter 'presponseMeasureTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:134:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:134:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:135:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:135:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/GenericScenario.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/IndirectMetric.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/IndirectMetric.java:22:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/IndirectMetric.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/IndirectMetric.java:29:	Parameter 'pmetric' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/IndirectMetric.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/IndirectMetric.java:33:	Parameter 'pmetric' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/IndirectMetric.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/IndirectMetric.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/IndirectMetric.java:43:	Parameter 'metrics' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/IndirectMetric.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:28:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:39:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:43:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:43:	Parameter 'punits' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:54:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:62:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:70:	Parameter 'pformula' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:78:	Parameter 'punits' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:89:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:89:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:90:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:90:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Metric.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:33:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:37:	Parameter 'pgenericScenario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:37:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:48:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:56:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:64:	Parameter 'pgenericScenario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:75:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:76:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityAttribute.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:33:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:37:	Parameter 'pqualityScenario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:37:	Parameter 'pstate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:48:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:56:	Parameter 'pstate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:64:	Parameter 'pqualityScenario' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:69:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:70:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/QualityRequirement.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:30:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:35:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:35:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:35:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:47:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:55:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:63:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:71:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:76:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:77:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:77:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Response.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:42:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:46:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:46:	Parameter 'pmetric' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:46:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:46:	Parameter 'punit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:46:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:61:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:69:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:77:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:81:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:85:	Parameter 'pindicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:93:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:101:	Parameter 'pmetric' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:109:	Parameter 'punit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:114:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:114:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:115:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:115:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasure.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:27:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:31:	Parameter 'pmetrics' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:31:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:42:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:50:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:58:	Parameter 'pmetrics' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:69:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:70:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseMeasureType.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:27:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:31:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:41:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:49:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:60:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:61:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/ResponseType.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:46:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:50:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:50:	Parameter 'pqualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:50:	Parameter 'pstimulusSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:51:	Parameter 'partifact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:51:	Parameter 'penviroment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:51:	Parameter 'presponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:51:	Parameter 'pstimulus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:52:	Parameter 'pcondition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:52:	Parameter 'presponseMeasure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:70:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:78:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:86:	Parameter 'pqualityAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:94:	Parameter 'pstimulusSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:102:	Parameter 'pstimulus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:110:	Parameter 'partifact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:118:	Parameter 'penvironment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:122:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:126:	Parameter 'presponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:130:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:134:	Parameter 'presponseMeasure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:138:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:142:	Parameter 'pcondition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:142:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:147:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:147:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:148:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:148:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/SpecificScenario.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:32:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:36:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:36:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:36:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:48:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:56:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:64:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:72:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:77:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:77:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:78:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:78:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Stimulus.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:34:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:38:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:38:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:38:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:50:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:58:	Parameter 'pdescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:66:	Parameter 'pvalue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:74:	Parameter 'ptype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:78:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:78:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:79:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:79:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSource.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:28:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:32:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:42:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:50:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:61:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:62:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusSourceType.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:27:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:31:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:41:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:49:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:60:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:61:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/StimulusType.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like qualityRequirements
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:48:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'architectures'.
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:48:	Private field 'architectures' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:55:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pprojectFinishDate
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:59:	Parameter 'pprojectFinishDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:59:	Parameter 'pprojectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:59:	Parameter 'pprojectStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:59:	Parameter 'psystemName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:60:	Parameter 'pstate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:74:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pprojectFinishDate
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:82:	Parameter 'pprojectFinishDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:90:	Parameter 'pprojectStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:98:	Parameter 'pprojectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:106:	Parameter 'psystemName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pqualityRequirements
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:114:	Parameter 'pqualityRequirements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:122:	Parameter 'pathUCM' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:122:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:130:	Parameter 'pstate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:130:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:135:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:140:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:140:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:140:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:141:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:141:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/System.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:17:	Avoid short class names like Unit
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:27:	Document empty constructor
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:31:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:41:	Parameter 'pid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:49:	Parameter 'pname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:60:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:61:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/AnalysisEntity/Unit.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:18:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'id'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:18:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:20:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'value'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:23:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'type'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:26:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'metric'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:30:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:31:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Indicator.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.ManyToOne'
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.Metric'
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:19:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'id'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:21:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'name'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:25:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:26:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/IndicatorType.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/ResponsabilityIndicator.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/ResponsabilityIndicator.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.persistence.ManyToOne'
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/ResponsabilityIndicator.java:9:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/ResponsabilityIndicator.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/ResponsabilityIndicator.java:11:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'responsability'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/ResponsabilityIndicator.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:17:	Avoid short class names like Run
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:17:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:22:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'id'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:24:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'date'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:25:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'hour'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:26:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'simulationHorizon'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:27:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'seed'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:30:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'type'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:34:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'indicators'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:34:	Private field 'indicators' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:38:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:39:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Run.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:16:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'id'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:18:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'simulationTime'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like requestAverageTime
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:19:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'requestAverageTime'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:24:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:25:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SimulationParameter.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.sql.Date'
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'software.DomainModel.AnalysisEntity.QualityRequirement'
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:24:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'id'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like simulationParameter
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:27:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'simulationParameter'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:31:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'indicators'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:31:	Private field 'indicators' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:35:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'runs'.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:35:	Private field 'runs' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:39:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:40:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:45:	Local variable 'averageIndicator' could be declared final
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/Simulator.java:46:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'averageIndicator'
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SystemIndicator.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SystemIndicator.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/software/DomainModel/ReportsEntity/SystemIndicator.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
